Rename structures, restructure examples section, organize rst source files (#26)
eProsima/Integration-Service-docs: docs/examples/same_protocol/examples_same_protocol.rst

.. _examples_same_protocol:

Same Protocol
=============

This page gathers all the existing examples for *Integration Service* that connect applications
written under the **same protocol**. They are not focused on showing how effective
*Integration Service* is capable of translate one protocol's types into another's (see

> :ref:`examples_different_protocols` for that purpose); instead, this section tries depicting how easy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`examples_different_protocols` for that purpose); instead, this section tries to depict how easy
```
